Docs about cookies (#21)
bethinkpl/bit-docs: cookie.md

# Cookie

**Prerequisite knowledge:** http, 

## Intro

> An HTTP cookie is a piece of text that is transferred (both ways) between browser and server on every request. They were designed to handle the state of the application. Most common use-cases for cookies are Session handling and 3rd user party tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An HTTP cookie is a piece of text that is transferred (both ways) between browser and server on every request. It was designed to handle the state of the application. Most common use-cases for cookies are session handling and 3rd user party tracking.
```

## Classification / acceptance questions

### Apprentice aka _I can CRUD cookies_
* I can create, read, update and delete cookies on server and browser side
* I can set expire time on a cookie

> * I can path where cookie can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* I can use Path attribute to restrict where cookie can be used
```

### Intermediate aka _I can use cookies in real app_
**Prerequisite knowledge:** session
* I can set up a web session using cookies

> * I can communicate through subdomains using cookies Domain attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* I can share session between subdomains using cookies Domain attribute
```

* I understand how 3rd party tracking pixels benefit from using cookies   

> ### Wizard aka _I can hack cookies_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced aka _I can hack cookies_
```
